I hope you're having fun with this course and you are learning a lot in terms of what Julia can do,
what Flux can do for you and how you can take your machine learning game to the next level.
Now, I'm going to leave you with some parting words, and I'm going to give you some guidelines of
how you can continue your learning based on the foundation that you have gotten from this course.
The very first thing that you can do is you can search for Flux Julia model.
This includes a lot of examples of how flux can be used to solve the state of the art latest models.
So, for instance, you can if you do that, you search for that.
You arrive at this model, which has a lot of stuff going on in this.
So you have the user's students over here, how you can access it, all of that stuff.
But a lot of this you've already done.
For instance, if you go into the text character Orendain and character on an angle.
So Julia Child over there, you can just download the script and run it using the command line as well,
or you can take it to your notebook, but you will see that it's almost the same.
So you get the data, you build the model and you define your loss.
You set your optimizer.
You define your callback function, and then you go train.
So we've done all of these bits in our course.
So now you should be able to do this model fairly straightforward.
All the rest of the stuff around it is just loading the data and working with the data.
So it's not going to be all that difficult.
You can also go ahead and look at this again model.
So the reason I'm showing you this is there are a lot of things that can be done in Julia.
And if you start exploring these examples, you will come to understand this and please feel free to
ask questions in the course.
I would be happy to help out if you get stuck at any point.
So, for instance, if you want to use the GPU, all you have to do is define your model.
So this is your model.
This function defines a model and say a pipe GPU that is going to ensure that your model now works on
the GPU.
It's as simple as that.
So I haven't covered this in the course, but if you look at the code, it's going to be extremely straightforward.
So all you have to do to take your model to your GPU is define your model and just pipe it to you.
So here the device is going to be either GPU or CPU depending on what is available on your machine.
So it's extremely easy if you start exploding this on your own.
So that is related to flux.
You can go to the models to start exploring the different models.
If you get stuck, please feel free to ask questions.
You can also go ahead and search for Julia.
So this is a Julia Idy.
It's fairly straightforward and it's state of the art.
So Julia seems to be pushing this.
You can see that it has an integrated development environment.
You can run stuff over here and appear over here.
I personally like to work with The Notebook.
That is why I have covered this notebook approach in the course, because for me, I think it's much
more easy to work with when you're doing experiments.
But if you want to go with an idea, Julia is a really good way to go.
You can also go ahead and take a look at some game changing packages for Julia so you can search for
that.
And you'll arrive at this link and you will see that you can do a lot of stuff.
So we've already done you can do automatic differentiation if you're into that.
You can do a mathematical optimization.
You can do I guess there is a package for probabilistic machine learning.
If you want to do Bayesian statistics, Bayesian entrance, if you want to do differential equations,
that there is a package for this.
And all of these have really good documentations.
For instance, if you go to during.
You can see that it has a detailed documentation over here, you can go to getting started and just
add the baggage and this is the go to the Bayesian probabilistic modelling in Julia.
So it's fairly straightforward.
It works really well.
And you can go ahead and start exploring all of these packages, Julie, as a huge ecosystem.
And it's growing day by day.
So the more you explore, the more you're going to learn.
Hope you had fun with this, cause I would really appreciate a good rating and any feedback that you
might have related to the course, anything that you want me to add to the cause.
I intend to keep updating the course.
So please feel free to ask questions about this.
And I hope you have a really good experience with Julia.
Best of luck.